readme.md, before:

# @catdad/to-ico [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/catdad-experiments/to-ico.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/catdad-experiments/to-ico)

> Convert PNG images to ICO

## Install

```bash
npm install --save @catdad/to-ico
```

## Usage

```js
const fs = require('fs');
const toIco = require('@catdad/to-ico');

const files = [
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-16x16.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-32x32.png')
];

toIco(files).then(buf => {
  fs.writeFileSync('favicon.ico', buf);
});
```

## API

### toIco(images)

#### input

Type: `Array`

Array of PNG image buffers.

The images must have a size of `16x16`, `24x24`, `32x32`, `48x48`, `64x64`, `128x128` or `256x256` and they must have an 8 bit per sample (channel) bit-depth (on Unix you can check this with the `file` command: RGB(A) is supported, while [colormap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indexed_color) is not, because it's 8 bits per pixel instead of 8 bits per channel, which is 24 or 32 bits per pixel depending on the presence of the alpha channel). These are limitations in the underlying [`pngjs`](https://github.com/lukeapage/pngjs#pngjs) library. If you have a colormap PNG you can convert it to an RGB/RGBA PNG with commonly used image editing tools.

## Related

* [to-ico-cli](https://github.com/kevva/to-ico-cli) - CLI for this module

## License

MIT © [Kevin Martensson](http://github.com/kevva)

Commit message:

updating readme with info about the fork

readme.md, after:

# @catdad/to-ico [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/catdad-experiments/to-ico.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/catdad-experiments/to-ico)

> Convert PNG images to ICO

This module is a fork of [`kevva/to-ico`](https://github.com/kevva/to-ico), removing the resize code. This code was quite old and had problematic dependecnies, and my use case did not require it.

## Install

```bash
npm install --save @catdad/to-ico
```

## Usage

```js
const fs = require('fs');
const toIco = require('@catdad/to-ico');

const files = [
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-16x16.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-24x24.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-32x32.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-48x48.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-64x64.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-128x128.png'),
  fs.readFileSync('unicorn-256x256.png')
];

toIco(files).then(buf => {
  fs.writeFileSync('favicon.ico', buf);
});
```

## API

### toIco(images)

#### input

Type: `Array`

Array of PNG image buffers.

The images must have a size of `16x16`, `24x24`, `32x32`, `48x48`, `64x64`, `128x128` or `256x256` and they must have an 8 bit per sample (channel) bit-depth (on Unix you can check this with the `file` command: RGB(A) is supported, while [colormap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indexed_color) is not, because it's 8 bits per pixel instead of 8 bits per channel, which is 24 or 32 bits per pixel depending on the presence of the alpha channel). These are limitations in the underlying [`pngjs`](https://github.com/lukeapage/pngjs#pngjs) library. If you have a colormap PNG you can convert it to an RGB/RGBA PNG with commonly used image editing tools.

## Related

* [to-ico](https://github.com/kevva/to-ico) - the original module that this is a fork of
* [to-ico-cli](https://github.com/kevva/to-ico-cli) - CLI for this module

## License

MIT © [Kevin Martensson](http://github.com/kevva)
